ezoombook.presentation=This is an innovative platform where you will be able to participate in a revolutionary reading experiment. eZoomBook is going to enhance the way you obtain, analyze, use, and share information.

topmenu.tooltip.workspace=Your workspace
topmenu.tooltip.conf=Configure your account
topmenu.tooltip.logout=Log out
topmenu.books=Books
topmenu.help=Help!
topmenu.help.tutorial=Tutorial
topmenu.help.faq=FAQ
topmenu.help.contact=Contact Us

application.close.button=Close
application.cancel.button=Cancel
application.delete.button=Delete

index.learnmore.btn=Learn more
index.createaccount.btn=Create an account
index.forum.btn=Forum
index.topbooks.h2=Top Books:
index.topbooks.title.th=Title
index.findbook.h2=Find a Book
index.findbook.placeholder=Enter key-word
index.findbook.search.button=Search
index.findbook.advancedsearch.button=Advanced search

listbooks.addbook.link=Add a book
listbooks.edit.button=Edit

book.author.dt=Author
book.publisher.dt=Publisher
book.publisheddate.dt=Published Date
book.summary.h2=Summary:
book.ezoombooks.h2=Available eZoomBooks
book.createezb.button=Create eZoomBook
book.ezoombooks.title.th=Title
book.ezoombooks.author.th=eZoomBook author
book.ezoombooks.levels.th=Available levels
book.ezoombooks.popularity.th= Popularity
book.ezoombooks.edit.button=Edit
book.ezoombooks.favorite.button=Add to favorites
book.ezoombooks.readlist.button=Add to reading list

workspace.title=Welcome to your workspace
workspace.tab.contribution.title=Contribution
workspace.tab.community.title=Community
workspace.tab.books.title=Books

workspace.projects.h2=Your Projects
workspace.projects.project.th=Project
workspace.projects.creationdate.th=Creation Date
workspace.ezoombooks.h2=Your eZoomBooks
workspace.ezoombooks.name.th=Name
workspace.ezoombooks.edit.button=Edit
workspace.ezoombooks.delete.button=Delete

workspace.friends.h2=Your Friends
workspace.friends.add.link=Add a friend
workspace.friends.name.th=Name
workspace.friends.group.th=Groups
workspace.friends.favbook.th=Favorite books
workspace.groups.h2=Your Groups
workspace.groups.add.link=Add a group
workspace.groups.title.th=Title
workspace.groups.youwon.th=You own

workspace.books.h2=Your Books
workspace.books.name.th=Name
workspace.books.edit.button=Edit
workspace.books.readinglist.h2=Your Reading Lists
workspace.books.readinglist.title.th=Title
workspace.books.favorites.h2=Your Favorite Books
workspace.books.favorites.title.th=Title
workspace.deleteproject.h3=Delete Project Confirmation 
workspace.deleteproject.alert=You are about to delete a project. Are you sure you want to continue?
workspace.deleteEZB.h3=Delete eZoomBook Confirmation 
workspace.deleteEZB.alert=You are about to delete an eZoomBook. Are you sure you want to continue?

read.readoptions.showall.button=Show all
read.readoptions.showquotes.button=Show only quotes
read.readoptions.showsummaries.button=Show only summaries
read.leveltabs.original=Original
read.leveltabs.highlydetailed=Higly Detailed
read.leveltabs.fairlydetailed=Fairly Detailed
read.leveltabs.fairlyabridge=Fairly Abridged
read.leveltabs.highlyabridge=Highly Abridged
read.toc.dropdown=Contents
read.toc.subsection=Subsection

group.administrate.button=Administrate
group.addmember.button=Add a member
group.addmember.h3=Add a member
group.addmember.membermail=Member e-mail
group.addmember.role=Member role
group.memberform.error=There was an error with your request:
group.memberfrom.error.usernotfound=Cannot find the user with mail {0}.
group.newproject.button=Create a project
group.newproject.h3=New Project
group.newproject.projectname=Name of the project
group.newproject.ezoombook=Chose an existing eZoomBook
group.newproject.newezbcheck=Create a new eZoomBook
group.projects.h2=Projects
group.projects.title.th=Title

ezbbooklist.header=Create a new eZoomBook
ezbbooklist.choosebook.h2=Please choose a book
ezbbooklist.newezb.h3=New eZoomBook

